Thin out GitLab data volume backups (#7030) (#7038)
DataBiosphere/azul: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/prune_gitlab_backups.md

---
name: Prune GitLab data volume backups

> about: Issue template for quarterly volume cleanup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Issue template for the quarterly pruning of GitLab data volume snapshots
```

title: Prune GitLab data volume backups
labels: -,infra,operator,orange
_start: 2025-04-01T09:00
_period: 3 months
---

> In all deployments, keep all backups for the current year, one per month for the
> previous two years, and one per year for all other years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In each deployment, keep 

- every backup for the last 6 months (roughly 12 backups),
- one backup per month for the 12 months before that (12 backups), 
- one backup per quarter for the 12 months before that (4 backups) 
- and one per year for older backups
```

And please add a checklist with an item per deployment, excluding `tempdev`.
